# RussSt.github.io
Privacy Policy  Thank you for visiting the Bike Meter Web site (hereinafter, Recipes,” “us,” or “we”) and reviewing our Privacy Policy, effective September 21, 2022. Recipes respects your privacy and your personal information that you may provide us while using our App. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. Please, take time to read it carefully. If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our App. What personal information we collect from you. We are not storing any personal user data throughout our mobile applications that are subject and linked to this privacy policy. We do not collect any personal information from you. Information on cookies and related technology. Recipes may contain "cookies" We may use cookies, identifiers for mobile devices (e.g., Android Advertising Identifier or Advertising Identifier for iOS) to manage our users’ sessions and to store preferences, tracking information, and language selection. “Cookies” are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer. In some instances, our third-party service providers may use cookies on the Website. We cannot control or access cookies used by third- party service providers. This Privacy Policy covers only Cookies used by us, and not any cookies used by third parties. Our iOS Application uses Google Firebase Analytics that is a subject to respective privacy policy. We use Google Firebase Analytics to analyze how users use our app so we can improve it in the next releases. Refer to Firebase Analytics Privacy Policy for more information. We work with Crashlytics Inc. (“Crashlytics”), a service which collects data of users of our iOS App. Crashlytics is used to analyze the performance and stability of our app. Crashlytics collects data on app usage to track the possible bugs, crashes and other unexpected behavior. This service does not collect any of the personal information and only collect technical logs from our Application. Refer to Crashlytics Privacy Policy for more information. Google Admob is used for showing advertisements in our Application. Our Application may display advertisements or advertising messages managed by third parties (Google Adwords, Google Admob, Google Adsense and Google Analytics services, and their functions for advertisers), which are displayed on personalized way according to the information of the User that has said third party and their browsing preferences. Recipes does not have access to that information about the User and does not control the content of the advertisements that will be shown to him. Refer to Google Admob Privacy Policy for more information. We don’t store any hard copies of user information. In case you want to stop our apps collecting any information from you, you can just stop using them and even uninstall them from your device. Recipes reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time. All changes to the Policy will be effective when posted, and your continued use of Recipes Application after the posting will constitute your acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. September 2022
